fix(cli-utils): Use source maps to correct offsets for Vue SFC files (#236)
0no-co/gql.tada: .changeset/lucky-brooms-draw.md

---
"@gql.tada/cli-utils": patch
---

> Leverage the Sourcemap the Vue compiler delivers us when looking up positions in the TS document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Vue SFC compiler's source-maps when looking up positions in its TypeScript file output
```
